# AR
An ARapp designed for EFL teaching
It is an AR app that will help students actually cope with the content, concepts and tasks that are presented in unit 7 of the Book 2 for EFL in Lyceums in Greece. It uses images from certain parts of the text book, creates a data base with them in Vuforia. Then I use the Unity engine to create the app. I will use the AR component of Unity. The images in Vuforia will be ranked according to their status as target-images. They will receive a ranking pictured in stars, the more the stars the easier they are to be Augmented. Augmentation makes use of a smart phone's camera. Each image the camera senses, is compared to the ones stored in Vuforia. When the algorithme matches one with the ones in the database, the video or image will be placed on top of the target image when the camera is viewing it. By checking the pages in their text book, I need to point to the appropriate page and section. Students can point their camera phones, detect the image, compare it with the database in Vuforia, hit a match and the content becomes alive!
The content is mainly suggested by the Institute of Educational Politics and the answers to all the tasks were also added. In order to better view the content, one must look at the following book pages: 101 for an introductory video, 102 (2 augmentations, a video to clarify concepts and the answers to the exer.on page 103-104), 103 for the video, 105 below the exercise is the answer, 106 the answer is above the exerc., 107 the answer to the task is below it, 108 for the answers to the task on the following page, 110 for a video, 112 for the answers of the 110pp task, 113 and 114 videos with additional material on concepts. The two files uploaded show the images that were augmented with videos and the images that were augmented with other images.

The complete pdf of the unit can be found at:
http://iep.edu.gr/images/IEP/EPISTIMONIKI_YPIRESIA/Epist_Monades/B_Kyklos/Humanities/2018/2018-11-30_B7_Human_Rights.pdf

In order to make the app available in this stage, it is uploaded on Google drive. The space needed is 152MB of internal storage and permission to access the phone's camera. It also requires internet connection in order to access V?uforia. It can be downloaded from: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gztrpS9E98ATl0OYFIKjqYDzWVgl3ifO/view?usp=sharing
